Drathos Pannarien - Half-Elf Conjurer
6 ft. 0 in. 160 lbs 28 years old
Eyes: White - Skin: Mauve - Hair: Grey
Str 8 - Dex 12 - Con 14 - Wis 10 - Int 18 - Cha 10
Fort +5 - Will +2 - Refl +1
8 HP - AC 11 - CMB -1 - CMD 10 - Init +1

Summoner's Charm (Su)
Whenever you cast a conjuration (summoning) spell, increase the duration by a number of rounds equal to 1/2 your wizard level (minimum 1). This increase is not doubled by Extend Spell. At 20th level, you can change the duration of all summon monster spells to permanent. You can have no more than one summon monster spell made permanent in this way at one time. If you designate another summon monster spell as permanent, the previous spell immediately ends.

Acid Dart (Sp) - (1d6+1, 7/day)
As a standard action you can unleash an acid dart targeting any foe within 30 feet as a ranged touch attack. The acid dart deals 1d6 points of acid damage + 1 for every two wizard levels you possess. You can use this ability a number of times per day equal to 3 + your Intelligence modifier. This attack ignores spell resistance.

Dimensional Steps (Sp)
At 8th level, you can use this ability to teleport up to 30 feet per wizard level per day as a standard action. This teleportation must be used in 5-foot increments and such movement does not provoke an attack of opportunity. You can bring other willing creatures with you, but you must expend an equal amount of distance for each additional creature brought with you.

Drow-Blooded: Some half-elves born of drow parents exhibit more drow traits than others—particularly many of the physical features of the drow—and have darkvision 60 feet and light blindness. This racial trait replaces the low-light vision racial trait.

Drow Magic: A few half-elves with drow ancestry exhibit the innate magic of that race. Half-elves with this trait have drow blood somewhere in their background, and can cast dancing lights, darkness, and faerie fire each once per day, using the half-elf's character level as the caster level for these spell-like abilities. This racial trait replaces the adaptability and multitalented racial traits.

Elf Blood: Half-elves count as both elves and humans for any effect related to race.

Elven Immunities: Half-elves are immune to magic sleep effects and gain a +2 racial saving throw bonus against enchantment spells and effects.

Keen Senses: Half-elves receive a +2 racial bonus on Perception checks.

Languages: Abyssal, Aklo, Common, Draconic, Elven, Undercommon

Skills: Appraise 8, Craft (Alchemy) 8, Knowledge (Arcana) 8, Knowledge (History) 8, Knowledge (Planes) 8, Knowledge (Religion) 8, Spellcraft 8

Feats: Augment Summoning, Scribe Scroll
Traits: Arcane Graduate - Regional (+2 concentration when casting arcane spells), Diabolical Dabbler - Magic (fiendish summons get +1hp/HD), Forlorn - Racial (+1 Fortitude)
Drawbacks: Hedonistic (Must have an hour of entertainment or pleasure before resting, or wake up fatigued)

2gp
Wizard's Kit
    Backpack
    Bedroll
    Belt Pouch
    Flint and Steel
    Ink
    Inkpen
    Iron pot
    Mess kit
    Soap
    Spell component pouch
    Torches x10
    Trail rations x5
    Waterskin
Spellbook
Aether - 4 doses
Scholar's Outfit
Reversible Cloak
Mask
Longspear
Dagger

Spells per Day:
0: 3
    Detect Magic
    Resistance
    Prestidigitation
1: 2+1
    Color Spray
    Polypurpose Panacea
    Summon Monster I

Spell Book
0:
Acid Splash: Orb deals 1d3 acid damage.
Arcane Mark: Inscribes a personal rune on an object or creature (visible or invisible).
Dancing Lights: Creates torches or other lights.
Detect Magic: Detects all spells and magic items within 60 ft.
Detect Poison: Detects poison in one creature or small object.
Flare: Dazzles one creature (–1 on attack rolls).
Ghost Sound: Figment sounds.
Haunted Fey Aspect: You surround yourself with disturbing illusions.
Light: Object shines like a torch.
Mage Hand: 5-pound telekinesis.
Mending: Makes minor repairs on an object.
Message: Whisper conversation at distance.
Open/Close: Opens or closes small or light things.
Prestidigitation: Performs minor tricks.
Ray of Frost: Ray deals 1d3 cold damage.
Read Magic: Read scrolls and spellbooks.
Resistance: Subject gains +1 on saving throws.
Spark: Ignites flammable objects.

1:
Animate Rope - VS SA, 110ft, 1 round
Color Spray - VSM SA, 15ft, Cone-shaped burst
Feather Fall - V imm, 25ft, 1 round
Mage Armor - VSF SA, touch, 1 hour
Blood Money - VS swift, 0 ft, inst.
Polypurpose Panacea - S SA, personal, special
Summon Monster I - VSF 1 round, 25 ft, 2 rounds

Familiar - Sea Krait - Grenix
Init +3; Senses low-light vision, scent; Perception +9
AC 16, touch 15, flat-footed 13 (+3 Dex, +1 natural, +2 size)
hp 3 (1d8–1), Fort +1, Ref +5, Will +1
Speed 20 ft., climb 20 ft., swim 20 ft.
Melee bite +5 (1d2–2 plus poison)
injury; save Fort DC 9; frequency 1/round for 6 rounds; effect 1d2 Con damage; cure 1 save.
Str 4, Dex 17, Con 8, Int 1, Wis 13, Cha 2
Base Atk +0; CMB +1; CMD 8 (can't be tripped)
Feats Weapon Finesse
Skills Climb +11, Perception +9, Stealth +15, Swim +11; Racial Modifiers +4 Perception, +4 Stealth
Special: Alertness, improved evasion, share spells, empathic link
